[7.13.x-blue] [KIECLOUD-647] Remove OpenShift templates from rhpam-7-openshift-image (#629)
jboss-container-images/rhpam-7-openshift-image: quickstarts/hello-rules-multi-module/README.md

Create a new project, i.e.:

```bash
$ oc new-project ibm-bamoe
Now using project "ibm-bamoe" on server "https://ocp-main.mycloud.com:8443".
```

Note that, to pull the images the OpenShift must be able to pull images from registry.redhat.io, for more information
please take a look [here](https://access.redhat.com/RegistryAuthentication)

To create the IBM BAMOE environment on your OpenShift instance you need to install Business Automation Operator.

> For instructions about installing Business Automation Operator, see [the product documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.8/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-subscribe-proc) step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions about installing Business Automation Operator, see [the product documentation](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.12/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-subscribe-proc) step.
```

Author: +1

> Then access the wizard installer, instructions available [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.8/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-deploy-start-proc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then access the wizard installer, instructions available [here](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_process_automation_manager/7.12/html/deploying_a_red_hat_process_automation_manager_environment_on_red_hat_openshift_container_platform_using_operators/operator-con#operator-deploy-start-proc)
```

> If you view the generated YAML source for the installation, the source should be similar to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you view the generated YAML source for the installation, the source should be similar to the following example:

```

```yaml
apiVersion: app.kiegroup.org/v2
kind: KieApp
metadata:
   name: hello-rules-quickstart
spec:
   environment: rhpam-production-immutable
...
```

> When your KieApp will be ready and running, you can go ahead deploying  the [hellorules-client](hellorules-client) in the same or another project and test IBM BAMOE KIE Server container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the KieApp gets ready, you can go ahead deploying  the [hellorules-client](hellorules-client) in the same or another project and test IBM BAMOE KIE Server container.
```
